.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii cryptday.1
.\"
.TH js_str2js 3 "August 2000" JS "js library reference"
.\" We don't want hyphenation (it's too ugly)
.\" We also disable justification when using nroff
.hy 0
.if n .na
.SH NAME
js_str2js \- convert a standard character array in to a js_string object
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include "JsStr.h"
.sp
.B "int js_str2js(js_string *js, char *string, int count, int size);"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B js_str2js
converts the string pointed to by
.I string 
in to a
.I js_string
object.  The 
.I js_string 
object in question needs to have been previously created, and any string 
currently in the
.I js_string
object will be cloberred.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.B js
is a pointer to the  
.I js_string
object we will place the converted character array in.

.B string
is the character array we are converting in to a
.I js_string
object.

.B count
is the length of the character array we are converting, measured in
.I units.
The size of a 
.I unit 
is one or more octets long, determined by 
.B size

.B size
is the number of octets a single unit of the
.I js_string
object is.  This needs to agree with the internal value of
.I unit
length in the 
.I js_string 
object, otherwise the function will return an error and the
string will not be converted.

.B js_str2js
returns 
.I JS_SUCCESS 
on successful conversion of the string,
.I JS_ERROR
otherwise.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following example creates a 
.B js_string
object that is given the string "What's up doc?"

.nf
	js_string *foo;
	foo = js_create(256,1);
	js_str2js(foo,"What's up doc?",14,1); 
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Sam Trenholme <kiwi-zttfryb@koala.samiam.org>

