.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii cryptday.1
.\"
.TH js_set_encode 3 "August 2000" JS "js library reference"
.\" We don't want hyphenation (it's too ugly)
.\" We also disable justification when using nroff
.hy 0
.if n .na
.SH NAME
js_set_encode \- change the encoding that a given js_string object uses
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include "JsStr.h"
.sp
.B "int js_set_encode(js_string *js, int encoding);"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B js_set_encode
changes the encoding that a given 
.B js_string 
object uses.  In other words, you can use this function to set the encoding
of a 
.B js_string
object to ASCII or BINARY.  Eventually, this function will allow you to
set the encoding to UNICODE-3, ISO 8859-1, etc.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.B js
is a pointer to the
.B js_string
object that you wish to change the encoding for.

.B encoding
is the type of coding the
.B js_string
object's string contains.  Currently supported values are
.I JS_BINARY
for binary data, and 
.I JS_US_ASCII
for data encoded in US ASCII format.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following example code creates a 
.B js_string
object, and, in series, sets the encoding to ASCII, then to binary data.
.nf

	js_string *foo;
	foo = js_create(256,1);         /* Encoding starts off binary */
	js_set_encode(foo,JS_US_ASCII); /* Encoding is now ASCII */
	js_set_encode(foo,JS_BINARY);   /* Encoding is binary again */
.fi
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.B js_set_encode
returns 
.I 0
on success, and
.I JS_ERROR
if it is not able to set the encoding for the
.B js_string
object.
.SH NOTES
A newly created 
.B js_string 
object has a default encoding of 
.I JS_BINARY
.SH BUGS
This function does not change the size of octets for a js_string object.
Since all presently supported encodings use a single octet to represent 
a character, this is currently a non-issue.
.SH AUTHOR
Sam Trenholme <kiwi-zttfryb@koala.samiam.org>

