.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii cryptday.1
.\"
.\" Last updated for MaraDNS 0.9.00 on 2001/12/17
.\"
.TH js_set_chsize 3 "August 2000" JS "js library reference"
.\" We don't want hyphenation (it's too ugly)
.\" We also disable justification when using nroff
.hy 0
.if n .na
.SH NAME
js_set_chsize \- change the character size that a given js_string object uses
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include "JsStr.h"
.sp
.B "int js_set_chsize(js_string *js, int size);"
.fi
.SH IMPORTANT
.B js_set_chsize
is depricated; which means that one should not use this function.
Future versions of the js_string library will not have this function.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B js_set_chsize
changes the size of a single character in a given
.B js_string 
object.  You can use this function to set the number of octets
a single character of a 
.B js_string
uses.  This is useful, for example, if you are using UNICODE and wish to
use two octets to represent a single character.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.B js
is a pointer to the
.B js_string
object that you wish to change the character size for.

.B size
is the number of octets a single character in a 
.B js_string
object uses.  
.SH EXAMPLE
The following example code creates a 
.B js_string
object, and makes a single character two octets long.
.nf

	js_string *foo;
	foo = js_create(256,1);         
	js_set_chsize(foo,2); 
.fi
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.B js_set_encode
returns 
.I JS_SUCCESS
on success, and
.I JS_ERROR
if it is not able to set the 
.I size
for the
.B js_string
object.
.SH BUGS
This function will return an error if either
.IP 1)
The 
.B js_string
object is not zero-length.
.IP 2)
The currently maximum allowed length, in octets, is not evenly divisible
by the number of octets for the desired new 
.I size.
.SH ""
These limitations need to be removed before this funciton is readily useful.
.SH AUTHOR
Sam Trenholme <kiwi-zttfryb@koala.samiam.org>

